# Power-BI-Dashboard-of-Atliq-Sales
A Power BI report which displays the yearly sales of Atliq Hardware from 2017 to 2018.

This project exhibits the sales KPIs of the Atliq Hardware, India which sells its products in millions every year.
To track down to see the sales and revenue KPIs of each year and to drill down to each month of the Atliq Hardware sales; 
a Power BI report/dashboard is produced which reveals various insights about the sales of the Atliq Hardware.

The report enabled to identity the following:
1) Total revenue collected.
2) Total products sold.
3) Total revenue generated per city.
4) Total products sold per city.
5) Top 5 customers of Atliq Hardware.
6) Total revenue generated by each region.
7) Overall revenue trend of Atliq Hardware.

Graphs used in the report are:
1) Stacked bar chart.
2) Clustered colum chart.
3) Area chart.

Skills used for the project:
1) Data wrangling.
2) Structured Query Language(SQL).
3) Computational thinking.
4) Analytical knowledge.
5) Statistical knowledge.
6) DAX Language.

Tools used for the project.
1) MySQL Workbench.
2) Microsoft Power BI.

Queries used for cross verification of the Power BI report.
1) To check the total revenue generated throughout the year: SELECT SUM(sales_amount) FROM transactions WHERE currency="INR\r" OR currency="USD\r";
2) To check the total revenue of the year 2020: SELECT SUM(sales_amount) FROM transactions WHERE YEAR(order_date)=2020 AND currency="INR\r" OR transactions.currency="USD\r";
3) To check the total products sold: SELECT SUM(sales_qty) FROM transactions where currency="INR\r" OR currency="USD\r" AND sales_amount >=1;
4) To check the total products sold in the year 2020: SELECT SUM(sales_qty) FROM transactions where YEAR(order_date)=2020 and currency="INR\r" OR currency="USD\r" and sales_amount >=1;
5) To check the total revenue generated by Mumbai: SELECT SUM(sales_amount) FROM transactions t, markets m WHERE t.market_code=m.markets_code AND m.markets_name="Mumbai";
